According to the testees, there is no such groovy glossary of slang terms in Social Democrats Party.
"I even consulted my colleagues, but it seems that we really do not have anything like that."
"We rather address one another with names, sometimes we use abbreviations and name garbles," said Prague CSSD chairman Peter Hulínský, addressed by party members as Hulda.
Accusations of witchcraft are also common in other African countries.
While in Burkina Faso the government is trying hard to moderate the witch hunt, the Gambia's President himself participated in the hunt last year.
"Gambian President Jámí after the death of his aunt unleashed a large-scale witch-hunt for witches allegedly involved in her death and trying to use black magic to kill the president."
The arrested people had to drink a potion of herbs with hallucinogenic effects, which also causes intestinal and kidney problems.
Two prisoners did not survive.
After international pressure nearly a thousand of inmates were released.
From next year will the son pay CZK 4100 for the second class 2 +1 apartment instead of the current CZK 3500 per month.
"And there is no hot water and we must heat in the "Petra stove" (solid fuel stove, ed. note) " the man points his finger on his son's new contract, which he is authorized to signed by proxy.
"The current rent is still less than the amount needed for simple maintenance of housing stock," commented Pavel Klimes, director of RPG portfolio of residential apartments, and reminded that neglect of the housing stock complained about in relation just to those angry tenants, is the main reason for the increase in rents according to the house owners.
Large screen hanging from the ceiling opposite the padded seats of Havířov's waiting room keeps repeating some information highlighted in red.
Gaudi designed a central heating system in the house, unique for his time, with ventilation and typical chimneys.
The ground floor was leased to a jewelry.
The entire six-storied building is intersected by a staircase, which ends only at the roof terrace.
The key elements of the reconstruction were the abolition of all right angles and straight lines and replacing them with curved walls.
"Those are recommended even for people with diabetes who have a nervous system disorder, so they assume 'information' from the joints and skin in an ill way," explains Sylvia Hadamczikova, who specializes in upholstered furniture.
She therefore looked for lazy foam mattresses for many hockey players, but also other customers years ago.
"Now it's okay, suitable mattresses can be found at Tempur, Italian Magniflex, but also Czech Tropico."
When choosing the size of your mattress thickness, add one foot length to your height, which is about 21-34 cm.
For men whose shoulders are "all over their back," this is certainly an important thing.
They also remember the women - those indulge in the softer surface of the hip area.
Aileron or lamellar gratings with the so-called multi-torsion suspension are intended for the most demanding customers.
But be careful when you use a wrong pillow with a correct mattress and slatted base (large and "stuffed"), most of the "pluses" will disappear.
The basic rule is simple: The cushion should support the head and touch the shoulders with its corners so that the shoulder muscles could relax.
A suitable size of 50 x 60 cmis recommended, preferred for example in Scandinavia.
Those that meet health parameters tend to have lower rate of VAT as they are considered medical equipment.
Gumotex was the first to employ this advantage in the Czech Republic.
It is not easy to save on the mattress and the slatted base.
Even at the cost of disruption to their privacy.
"We say to all that it is not spying, but a means to further reduce the probability that a tragedy happens," said Petr Pilin of the Macro Weil, one of the suppliers of surveillance equipment on the Czech market.
"Most customers actually buy it for security reasons," he added.
According to him, the child should always know for what the purpose of the "box" is and how it is used in an emergency.
Child psychologist Dana Bočková points out that if a child does not want to wear something like that, it will just get rid of it.
"This will be the biggest advantage that the aggressor may not even recognize the tracking device at all."
"Or they recognize it after some time and it may give the police extra time," he adds.
The winner of last year's Entrepreneur of the year was a twenty-eight-year-old entrepreneur Lukas Pytloun from Liberec.
His success story is much like one from a movie.
In his opinion, the glory associated with the success landed a bit on each employee.
And there are about seventy of them.
Euphoria of victory was quickly replaced by the effects of the crisis.
With self-discipline of the winner Farmet has already overcome bad times.
Prize for the first place in last year's Vodafone competition Company of the Year was in the Slav House collected by the owner of Farmet Company, Karel Žďárský.
The 46-year-old entrepreneur was released by police after 24 hours.
Due to a low of official information we can only speculate how one could manipulate the tender.
"It was a client, not our employee," she said.
The public tender, according to Ms. Cerna, is called "Invitation to tender for the transfer of land rights under the Lands Act" and takes place when more eligible candidates are interested in the land offered.
Price increase is planned mainly in larger municipalities.
Residents of Prague may have more expensive water and sewer by more than 9 percent, in the event that the city increases the rent of the infrastructure.
